life there is so much of it we go that there
of everything sometimes you want to overtake
another is to return after having it or
Freeze a moment but it's not a
movie or a song is more than that
They are millions of movies and a little more
meets 19 songs and I'm very
grateful I felt the most fortunate and
the most shattered I fell in love and I have
broken my heart has hurt my tummy
from so much laughing and the awareness of both
watering it would give a lot for not having
known enough people and would also give
life because many do not leave I'm
completely in love with what I am
I love sometimes and I'm going to die I liked it
a lot and I also justify myself to double
I have lived carrying many things that
several say they are unnecessary but
even if they make a hole in my stomach
just thinking about them has taken me up
where I am already what I am, I do not have
achievements of which many can
feel proud but it's boring and
I felt with all my heart
I have been very happy I drink a
destructive addiction and I tend to think
always the worst but there is not a day that
wake up hopelessly there is not one
time he sees me in the mirror and I do not
recognize I have committed the worst mistakes
and I follow and I will follow the many people
I let myself die a little countless
times and if circumstances have
put there is for something I hope to live
until I heard the reasons I dreamed how
crazy until I decided to just live very
You have probably seen me cry
angry or very happy because if I am the most
crazy no longer always between emotions
It is always good to feel very beautiful every
birthday that gets me excited and
I want it to be the best I do not know if I've
achieved or I will achieve because I have
too many expectations already know the life
but it's beautiful to just imagine how
a woman as perfect as my mother what
I gave everything to bring me to life one day
as today as year after year I celebrated that
I was growing as the bet everything for me
here the second one and it will always be
proud of what I am
I know that and he does it very well no one should
influence both your life and yourself
but how to avoid it by having someone
that I would give everything for you someone who
was to have only one thing in the
life would choose you without thinking finally you
I love mom but I studied on Sunday
past
so I will continue another year and
every day fulfills a day and every second to
a second I love pizza
I am an easy pen I would say short be my
favorite writer and keep referring
to which the words overflow
from my hands I do not have a dream if I leave
let life pass but do not scold me if
It has to change like that today, I'm not even
80% of what it was 10 years ago
it's about living and making it worth the
sorry congratulations to me and all my
facets to the value that I have every day to
smile among so many threats bad vibes
and broken hearts letting themselves break more
happiness is little girl without emotion
some to continue growing congratulations
beautiful eyes beautiful and interesting soul
you love the gifts but what you most
full are the hugs and I send you
365 for each day until the next
greeting hugs in the soul a vodka
with current a lot of trova and more viruses
love for love really less
addictions I love you and I trust you more
sincere of life and because not all
I feel like everything you day by day
fall so that you learn to build it
getting better and with less pain
congratulations daniela very happy and beautiful
lifetime
efe
I can not imagine
uy
we have